>> Kyle: While we're on the topic
of using block scoping, and
while we're on the topic
of considering whether or
not lets at the top level of
your functions are appropriate.
If you're of the habit,
as many of you are,
of using lets at the top level of your
function, and you still want to do that.
I'm going to caution you also that there
are lots of times where you're only going
to use a variable for
a few lines of code, and
you should not just throw it
into the top level of the scope.
What you should do is create a scope for
it.
Open up a curly brace pair and
create a scope just for
those three lines of code to use
the prefixed and the rest variable, and
then don't let them exist for
any other part of the function.
Don't just say let, and prefix, and
rest at the top of your function,
open up a curly brace there.
As a matter of fact, I do that anywhere,
even inside of an if statement.
If I have a variable that
only needs to exist for
a couple of lines, the way to do
that is to make a block for it.
And that's not a new invention of mine,
by the way.
We've done that for
30 years in every other programming
language that's ever had block scoping.
We open up curly brace pairs and
we scope it to the block.
All I'm saying is let's do
that in JavaScript because it
worked really well in other languages,
yes?
>> Speaker 2: Are you making this
argument purely for semantics, or
is there a performance benefit
to doing something like that?.
>> Kyle: It is extremely unlikely
that you would ever see or
be able to observe any
performance difference.
There are theoretical
performance differences,
like theoretically an offthread
garbage collector could
theoretically garbage
collect it slightly earlier.
Or theoretically it would reduce
what was available to a closure.
There are theoretic reasons,
but in practice,
you almost certainly would not see
a performance difference this way.
>> Kyle: I'm simply saying that
this communicates more clearly.
And by the way,
I intentionally did put my lets,
it's not just saving space on the slides,
it helps.
But I intentionally do,
if I'm gonna open up a block, just for
the existence of a couple
of variables like that,
I'll put my declarations on the very
same line as the opening curly brace.
To make it super clear to the reader, hey,
these two are created for this block, and
they exist only for
the purpose of the block.
As opposed to,
you have to go looking for whether or
not there are variables in this scope.
You have to go figure it out.
I want it to be super obvious.
>> Kyle: I strongly recommend that you
consider using more of these explicit
let blocks,
narrowing the scope where you are using
your variables as much as is practical.